[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
[keypad clicking]
[cell phone beeps]
[line dialing]
[Ivan] Mr. Creasy.
what an unexpected surprise.
It's been so long.
I thought you might have left the game.
I had the same worry about you.
I got a small group.
and I'mma need relocation
and bulletproof IDs.
Where?
Rio de Janeiro.
I got a shell game going.
but… that should only last
for the next few days.
-[lively music playing]
-[pedestrians chattering]
-[in Portuguese] Good morning.
-[woman] Good morning.
[in English] Welcome. Mr. Cannaberata.
[lively music continues]
[speaks indistinctly]
-Mr. Salters?
-Yeah.
-So glad to have you. Mr. Davis.
-Mm.
I'm helping a victim of domestic abuse.
-[man] Mr. Johnson.
-Yeah.
And I'll double it
if you would notify me immediately…
…if anybody comes by asking about us.
All right.
I haven't been to Rio recently.
but I could be convinced.
assuming the usual fees.
That said. relocation hardly seems
like a challenge worthy of ringing me up
after all this time.
Yeah. well. relocation
is only half the gig.
And the other half?
Breaking into a Brazilian prison
holding one of the country's
most-wanted terrorists.
Well. now. this sounds more like something
I can sink my teeth into.
[ominous music playing]
Very good.
Let's start with the relocation.
[in Portuguese] Portugal?
What do you mean. Portugal?
Why is he talking about Portugal?
-[Melo] I'll explain. honey.
-[Marina] I thought we came here to hide.
[Poe in English] Will we be safe?
Because this guy had people
waiting for us back in America. so…
Yes. I'm sure.
Creasy. are we gonna be legal?
We agreed on relocation.
and that's what I'm delivering.
Relocation?
[in Portuguese] Were you planning
for us to leave Brazil?
I'll talk to you about it. honey.
[in English] I'm not going.
You can mess around and stay if you want.
but if someone shows up to your door
asking for information you will not have.
I'll say it right now.
I will not be able to help you.
Now. you can help me
by going somewhere safe
and letting me do my job.
Sorry.
[Poe sighs]
Excuse me.
[cell phone ringing]
[ominous music playing]
[ringing continues]
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Uh. no. all right.
Thanks for letting me know.
What?
That's one of the other hotels.
Somebody's looking for us already.
-That's why you have to go.
-[sighs]
[ominous music continues]
[Tappen] They said he was checked in.
but he won't be checked into this one.
He checked into ten other hotels
under fake names
and ten more under his own.
possibly moving between them.
I'll find him.
It's just gonna take me some time.
[gasps]
[gasping and grunting]
-[groans]
-[music fades]
It's kind of weird how I've gotten
totally used to you doing that.
-What are you doing?
-Still trying to get into his account.
You know. to check our emails.
See the pictures.
[Creasy sighs]
Whatever I did…
You didn't do anything. Poe.
[poignant music playing]
Then don't send me away.
In order to do what I need to do.
I need to know that you are safe.
I've lost everything.
I mean. I…
I can't even get into the scraps.
I just want to keep one thing.
-Poe. I--
-No.
No. I-- I don't want you to answer me now.
I just…
I just want you to think about it.
I have thought about it. Poe.
And I'm sorry.
[sighs]
Did they get the money?
Yeah.
Duda's men got it.
[music fades]
I'm gonna get my part now.
That's good.
And Poe?
What about Poe?
You just gonna send her with this person?
Ivan is one of. if not the best.
Poe will be fine.
Listen.
When the worst happened to me.
what saved me
was the fact that I wasn't alone.
I had my family. my friends. my daughter.
And I know you have
your reasons for doing this. I know that.
But I can't let that girl end up alone.
I can't.
So I'd like Poe to come
with me and Marina when we go.
At least. until it's safe
for her to get home.
Okay. Okay.
[Creasy clears throat]
I know you feel that cutting yourself off
is the right thing to do--
You know. whatever you got
going on with Poe.
that's good. that's fine.
that's-- that's what she needs.
That is not me.
You can say that.
But that's your choice.
Not a fact.
[clears throat] Here is good.
-But you said you wanted to go--
-I said here.
Here is good.
[intriguing music playing]
[in Portuguese] There he is. There he is.
Go. go. go.
[camera clicks]
-[Creasy in English] For your troubles.
-[woman] Thank you.
[music fades]
You remember what they looked like?
These people who were asking for me?
Uh. it was a pair of men. Um. one larger--
Long hair. Beard. The other short. bald?
Yes. You know them?
Yeah. we just met.
They come back. you know what to do.
[cell phone ringing]
[ringing continues]
Yeah?
[woman] Mr. Creasy. you asked
to be notified if anyone asked after you.
How long ago?
Well. just now.
They actually left a letter behind.
[Creasy] Can you open it for me. please?
It's a piece of paper
with a phone number and a word.
A word?
Tappen.
[lively Brazilian rap music playing]
Good. good.
[laughing]
[Brazilian rap music
continues over speakers]
Hey. Beto.
Come here!
There he is.
Finally. you earned something.
By leaps and bounds…
Go. Take your share.
[Duda] This wasn't as easy
as you said. partner.
Vico and his crew were required
to provide additional security.
So it's only fair
that some of that money goes to him.
It will come out of yours.
[tense music playing]
Beto.
One thing. little brother.
You only had to do one thing.
and you didn't do it.
-Beto.
-[Beto] You can't watch a girl?
-Keep her in one place?
-[Melo] Beto.
The alarm sounds. and you let her run?
-Stop. Beto! You are crazy!
-[Beto] You're a little shit!
[Beto] Fuck. What are you good for?
How am I not better off without you?
-You freeloader! You piece of shit.
-Stop. Beto! Stop!
Keep it. if it's so important to you.
Seeing you look like a fool
was already worth it for me.
[car alarm chirps]
[rap music playing over radio]
Vico!
How long has this been going on?
[music stops]
You're kidding. right?
I don't see much of Beto.
and Livro never said anything. How long?
He knows snitches don't last.
I will speak to Beto…
Problem is that the favela
is full of Betos.
It is not only him.
So what do I do now?
You really want to know?
[keypad beeping]
[line dialing]
[cell phone buzzing]
-[in English] This is Tappen.
-What are you doing?
Creasy.
Look. I figured it'd be best
to just leave a number
than try and sort out a whole shell game.
I mean. what the hell
are you doing in Brazil?
Listen to me. I've known you a long time.
Everybody's declaring victory
and you're not racing home.
Something's up.
So. whatever that is.
I'm here to help you put that to bed.
Look. I appreciate that.
but what I got going on.
you cannot help with.
Just because I've been driving a desk
for a long time
doesn't mean I still
can't be an asset in the field.
-No. it's not about that.
-I know what it's about. all right?
I know you better than anyone
and why you had to stop doing the job.
And if something like that happens now.
you freeze up…
Or has it already happened?
Jesus.
It has. hasn't it?
[ominous music playing]
You dodged a bullet.
Let's not try it again.
I am here.
Hey. use me.
If something happens to Poe.
neither one of us is ever gonna
be able to forgive ourselves.
I've got it handled.
How?
Go home. man.
You want to help me?
You let me do this my way.
And what's that?
Alone.
[music turns dramatic]
[Tappen] Got you.
-[music fades]
-[door lock beeps]
-[in Portuguese] Hi. honey.
-[Marina] Hey. Mom.
[Melo in English] Hey. Poe.
It's okay. I brought him here.
It's okay. he's with me.
-It's okay. I brought him.
-[Poe] Creasy!
[Melo] Hey.
-Livro? I--
-No! Hey!
Hey. Creasy! It's okay.
I brought him. Look at me. It's okay.
-[yelling]
-Everybody shut up!
[tense music playing]
It's okay.
Explain this right now.
When I went to get my part of the money.
I realized… I realized Vico can help you.
-I don't want help. I'm not asking for it.
-Just listen to me.
Vico used to run drugs into that prison.
For Duda.
His contact can get you in and out.
-He can take you to Ferraz.
-No.
-Why not?
-Why would he want to help?
Because Livro is in danger.
And we need to get him out of the favela.
Listen.
I want Livro to come with me.
Vico just wants to help.
He's gonna go his own way.
I promise.
I already got the prison taken care of.
and you bringing in more people
makes everything harder. not easier.
I know.
And I'm sorry.
[Marina in Portuguese] What about rice?
[pan sizzling]
[Melo] Perfect.
I'm going to turn this off.
[Brazilian jazz music
playing over speakers]
[Melo laughs]
[Vico] You ever been in a place this nice?
No.
It's a whole other world.
Once. I was offered a job
working for a supplier
who lived in a place just like this.
I could have moved right in.
Why didn't you?
You remember my sister. Neusa?
She was a lot like you.
Not cut out for life in a favela.
At least. not with a brother like me.
I couldn't leave her there alone.
She needed out.
It was just too late
before I understood that.
Why are you doing this for me?
I don't understand.
You've always been an asshole to me.
I've told you. Livro.
I may not be smart like you.
but I don't have to make
the same mistake twice.
[sighs]
[in English] You coming?
[Creasy] Uh…
No. I still got a…
I got a few things… to do.
I just watched you pack
and unpack that bag twice.
Should I be worried?
No. They knocked on two doors.
third was a false alarm.
so everything is still in place.
[clicks tongue]
Then why aren't you eating?
Nah…
"Nah…"
[Poe sighs]
You know.
your whole surgeon thing
about not treating people like people.
so that you can do your job or whatever…
Personally. I don't really think
it's a good idea.
Is that right?
Yeah. I mean.
you have all these regrets
about people that you let in
and then you lost.
[wistful music playing]
Whereas.
all my regrets
are about people that I kept out.
Which I think is actually kind of worse.
You're gonna be alone tomorrow.
Tonight. you really don't have to be.
You could be here with all of us.
But obviously. that's… that's up to you.
You know. um…
You mentioned your dad taught you
a couple things about self-defense
and that you might have forgotten.
so. uh. if you want.
I could… I could…
I could show you a couple things.
[lively samba music playing]
[chuckles softly]
[indistinct chatter]
-[Creasy grunts]
-Ah!
[all laughing]
[speaking indistinctly]
[lively samba music continues]
[Creasy tutting]
[laughing and chattering]
[yelling and laughing]
I remember one time. uh…
[Melo] What?
[Livro laughs]
[Poe] Okay.
[music fades]
Was it the one about the tire yard?
-No.
-[Poe] Hm?
-He told you that?
-[Poe] Uh-huh.
Or. um. the one with the bald general.
That one turned into funny.
That was not funny at the time.
Oh. no. My favorite one is
when he completely disappears
and you go looking for him.
Instead of picking up the pizza.
he's basically running the whole joint.
The man couldn't stand looking
at a operation that wasn't tip-top shape.
Imagine that's the guy who's inspecting
how well you've cleaned your room.
-You think he wasn't doing my bed checks?
-Not in Dubai.
-[Valeria] Mm!
-[Poe] Oh!
-He told you that?
-[laughing] He did.
Busted.
[all laughing]
Look. you already know all the stories.
Why are you trying to get me to tell them?
[Melo laughs]
How else am I gonna hear 'em again?
[poignant music playing]
[music fades]
[phone line dialing]
Yeah. I'm at the spot
they traced the call to.
There's two hotels nearby.
and I'm betting it's one or the other.
I'm going to take care of this myself.
[in Portuguese] Look. you got him
wasted last night. yeah? Stoned?
He's a fucking mess before noon
on a good day.
He's gonna be the walking dead today.
So I get in. you get him out. boom.
-It's done. and we're off.
-No.
No. man.
You're crazy. man.
Don't you get it's too crazy?
Too crazy even for you?
Fine. I'll do it myself.
[Brazilian rap music playing distantly]
[snoring]
[door opens softly]
[Beto grunts]
[drawers opening]
[suspenseful music playing]
[jingling softly]
What's up?
[suspenseful music continues]
Huh.
Where are my fucking keys?
BETO. YOU FUCKING IDIOT
DID YOU THINK I WOULDN'T FIND OUT?
[cell phone buzzes]
I'M GOING STRAIGHT TO DUDA
WITH THIS. BROTHER!
[cell phone buzzes]
[Beto] Holy shit.
[woman] What's going on?
[Beto] Vico is getting neurotic.
I'm going to sort this shit out.
-Kiss.
-[woman] Kiss.
Naughty girl.
[suspenseful music continues]
[door closes]
[Brazilian rap music playing over stereo]
-[gasps]
-[mug shatters]
[lively Brazilian jazz music playing]
[in English] Good afternoon. How are you?
Good afternoon.
Agent Penner.
Interpol Abduction Task Force.
Listen. we have reason to believe
that one of your hotel guests
is involved in
an active child-trafficking operation.
Maybe checked in under an assumed name.
Maybe offered you money to be notified
if anyone asked about him.
Look.
you can be helpful.
or I'll shut down this whole fucking hotel
and go room by room.
[tense music playing]
[man] Okay. so this is
a couple of days ago.
[ominous music playing]
Is this the only time he appears?
Yes. and there's no footage
of the girl anywhere.
It's the other one.
[music turns suspenseful]
[Creasy] All right. let's go. let's go.
[Livro] Marina.
What room number?
[music intensifies]
[suspenseful music continues]
Come on. Come on. Come on.
What?
I forgot something.
Is it important?
Very.
Be right back.
-Wait for you in the car.
-Come on.
[music intensifies]
[elevator chimes]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Poe grunting]
[music fades]
[dramatic music playing]
[Ivan] Getting you out is gonna be noisy.
It is a fun little plan.
I'd be lying
if I said I wasn't looking forward to it.
[music fades]
Now. the issue is getting you in.
On that I think we need more time.
How much more time?
Finding people I could trust to deliver
might take a few weeks.
What's his plan?
[Creasy] He's supposed to have a way in
and out that should be smoother.
Ready to roll.
You trust it?
Let's find out.
[sighs]
Hi. Yeah.
[Creasy] Can you translate?
Sure.
[in Portuguese] They want to talk to you.
After you get Ferraz.
you're going to get into the thing…
Apparently. the helicopter
takes us to a yacht.
Not a sentence I ever thought I'd hear.
[tense. pensive music playing]
[music intensifies]
[speaks indistinctly]
[music fades]
[laughs]
Guess I'm always
going to make you jumpy. huh?
This is probably the last time
we'll see each other.
You'll need something
to get started where you're going.
There was a tad bit more than I expected.
Beto will lose his mind.
He's already lost his mind.
At least he's finally making
an investment in his brother.
Vico.
I will never forget this.
[laughs softly]
I know.
You will always have the scars.
PENITENTIARY
MAINTENANCE
[in English] Hey. You ready?
[Creasy] Yeah.
You sure about this?
I've already said
Ivan is one of the best--
I meant. are you sure about staying?
I'm not staying. I'm finishing.
[poignant music playing]
Good luck.
I'm gonna miss you.
Yeah.
And I know that may not seem like much.
but… it's been a long time
since I said that to anybody. so…
And. uh…
I got you this.
-It's a Taser.
-[laughs]
Just in case you forgot
everything I taught you.
[Poe] Um…
[sniffles]
I'm not giving this to you…
because I want you to have it.
I'm giving this to you
because I want it back.
[poignant music continues]
[Poe sobs softly]
[Poe sniffles]
[music turns dramatic]
[Tappen] Jesus. I just missed him.
Wait. Wait. wait. pause it. Pause it.
[man in Portuguese over PA]
Visiting hours end in 30 minutes.
-If there's any bullshit…
-I'll tell him.
Don't fool around.
[in Portuñol] Felipe says
Ferraz has guards of his own.
All he can do is get you to the cell.
If something goes bad. you're on your own.
[in Spanish] Almost seems like
you're trying to talk me out of it.
[in Portuñol] I have done many things
I wish someone had talked me out of.
So maybe I am.
[in Spanish] Will you be here
when I get out?
[in Portuñol] Can't collect my bet
with Felipe about you if I'm not.
[in Spanish] Do I want to know
where you put your money?
[Vico laughs]
No.
[gate alert buzzes]
[exhales]
[suspenseful music playing]
[door alert buzzes]
[door opens]
[indistinct guard radio chatter]
Move. Hurry up. man.
[door alert buzzes]
[guards speaking in Portuguese]
Arms up. Turn.
INITIAL INSPECTION
Enter.
Arms up.
[metal detector whirring]
Come.
[door alert buzzes]
[suspenseful music continues]
[guards chattering indistinctly]
[in English] Scrub this one back.
[keyboard clicks]
All right. stop. Freeze. Freeze.
Can you punch in on that?
CLEANING SUPPLIES
[suspenseful music continues]
CRIMINAL POLICE
Motherfucker.
[cell phone beeps]
He's going after Ferraz.
No. Ferraz. lock it down.
Lock it down now.
[prison alarm wailing]
[man in Portuguese]
Lock it down! Back to your cells!
Back to your cells!
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]